feat(changelog): transactional-email-security-dkim-enhancement-stronger- 2025-01-29 (#4313)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2025/2025-01-29-transactional-email-security-dkim-enhancement-stronger-.mdx

---
title: DKIM Enhancement: Stronger Signature
status: security
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-01-29
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> We've improved email security by adding new headers to the DKIM signature. This strengthens authentication and enhances deliverability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have enhanced the security of DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail) signatures by including additional headers. This improvement strengthens email authentication, reduces the risk of spoofing, and enhances deliverability across various email providers.
```

> - List-ID
> - List-Help
> - List-Owner
> - List-Post
> - List-Subscribe
> - List-Unsubscribe
> - List-Unsubscribe-Post
> - Message-ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following headers are now included in the DKIM signature:  
- List-ID
- List-Help
- List-Owner
- List-Post
- List-Subscribe
- List-Unsubscribe
- List-Unsubscribe-Post
- Message-ID
```
